doc: explain `forc-client` installation in sway quickstart (#3583)
FuelLabs/sway: docs/book/src/introduction/sway_quickstart.md

To deploy `counter_contract` on your local Fuel node, open a new terminal tab and run the following command from the root of the `wallet_contract` directory:

> **Note**
> You will require the plugin [forc-wallet](https://github.com/FuelLabs/forc-wallet) in order to sign your transactions.

```sh

> forc deploy --url localhost:4000 --unsigned

Reviewer: By default `forc-deploy` tries to deploy to `DEFAULT_NODE_URL`, where it is declared as `pub const DEFAULT_NODE_URL: &str = "http://127.0.0.1:4000";`
```suggestion
forc deploy --unsigned
```

With latest `fuel-core` and `forc`&`forc-client` offered with fuelup, I can both use `forc deploy --unsigned` and `forc deploy --url localhost:4000 --unsigned`.

So I think it would better to keep this as it is and mention `--url` path in the note below.

```

where `--url` parameter is the URL where your local node is hosted.

> 

Reviewer: ^

Reviewer: @leirbag95, since we removed the `--url` from line 180, this seems to have no context. Other than that I will happily approve. We can rewrite it to mention `--url` can be used to specify the local node or we can remove the line all together.

Note the contract ID — you will need it if you want to build out a frontend to interact with this contract.

> If `forc-deploy` return `no such subcommand` error, try to install it with [fuelup](../introduction/installation.md) or [manually](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway/releases).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If `forc-deploy` emits a `no such subcommand` error, try to install it with [fuelup](../introduction/installation.md) or [manually](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway/releases).
```
